-moz-force-broken-image-icon: alt text on height OR width set (#37261)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/-moz-force-broken-image-icon/index.md

{{EmbedLiveSample('Examples','125','125')}}

> [!NOTE]

> > If `-moz-force-broken-image-icon` is set to `1`, the `alt` attribute will not be displayed if the image has a specified height or width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Alt text may not be visible if `-moz-force-broken-image-icon` is set to `1` and an image has no (or too small) `height` or `width` set. 
```
